README.md, before:

## Introduction

A Leiningen plugin for building native iOS apps in Clojure and Java using the [RoboVM](http://www.robovm.org) bytecode-to-native translator. It is modeled after [lein-droid](https://github.com/clojure-android/lein-droid) and the commands are similar. Both plugins are included in [Nightcode](http://nightcode.info/), for those who prefer not using the command line.

## Caveats

1. There is no REPL and any attempt to call eval at runtime will cause an exception because iOS doesn't allow executable memory.
2. Due to Clojure's [import behavior](https://groups.google.com/d/msg/clojure/tWSEsOk_pM4/y7kDQpEV-1gJ), importing most [RoboVM Cocoa Touch classes](https://github.com/robovm/robovm/tree/master/cocoatouch/src/main/java/org/robovm/cocoatouch) will lead to a compile error. This bug has [been reported](http://dev.clojure.org/jira/browse/CLJ-1315) and looks like it will be fixed. In the meantime, you'll need to either invoke these classes dynamically (which is what the built-in template does), or create a custom version of Clojure with the provided patch.

## Installation

1. Get a computer running Mac OS X
2. Install Xcode
3. Install [JDK 7](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk7-downloads-1880260.html)
4. Download and extract [robovm-0.0.10.tar.gz](http://download.robovm.org/robovm-0.0.10.tar.gz)
5. Install [Leiningen](https://github.com/technomancy/leiningen), and create or modify `~/.lein/profiles.clj` so it looks like this:

```clojure
{:user {
    :plugins [[lein-fruit "x.x.x"]]
    :ios {:robovm-path "/absolute/path/to/robovm-0.0.10"}
}}
```

Replace the "x.x.x" with the version below:

![](https://clojars.org/lein-fruit/latest-version.svg)

## Usage

```bash
# Create a new Clojure/iOS project
lein fruit new hello-world
# ...or a new Java/iOS project
lein fruit new-java hello-world
# You may optionally specify a package name
lein fruit new-java hello-world info.oakleaf.hello_world

# Build an x86 version and run in a simulator
lein fruit doall
# ...which is the same thing as
lein fruit compile && lein fruit run
# Use the iPad simulator
lein fruit doall -ios-sim-family ipad

# Build an ARM version and run on a device
lein fruit release
# ..which is the same thing as
lein fruit compile && lein fruit ipa
# Show RoboVM flags (all flags are passed to it)
lein fruit help
```

## Licensing

All files that originate from this project are dedicated to the public domain. I would love pull requests, and will assume that they are also dedicated to the public domain.

Commit message:

Update description and RoboVM version

README.md, after:

## Introduction

A Leiningen plugin for building native iOS apps in Clojure and Java using the [RoboVM](http://www.robovm.org) bytecode-to-native translator. It is modeled after [lein-droid](https://github.com/clojure-android/lein-droid) and the commands are similar. Both plugins are included in [Nightcode](http://nightcode.info/), for those who prefer not using the command line.

The programming is done by using RoboVM's [wrapper classes](https://github.com/robovm/robovm/tree/master/cocoatouch/src/main/java/org/robovm/apple), as shown in the built-in template. Please note that REPL development and any use of `eval` is not supported.

## Installation

1. Get a computer running Mac OS X
2. Install Xcode
3. Install [JDK 7](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk7-downloads-1880260.html)
4. Download and extract [robovm-0.0.11.tar.gz](http://download.robovm.org/robovm-0.0.11.tar.gz)
5. Install [Leiningen](https://github.com/technomancy/leiningen), and create or modify `~/.lein/profiles.clj` so it looks like this:

```clojure
{:user {
    :plugins [[lein-fruit "x.x.x"]]
    :ios {:robovm-path "/absolute/path/to/robovm-0.0.11"}
}}
```

Replace the "x.x.x" with the version below:

![](https://clojars.org/lein-fruit/latest-version.svg)

## Usage

```bash
# Create a new Clojure/iOS project
lein fruit new hello-world
# ...or a new Java/iOS project
lein fruit new-java hello-world
# You may optionally specify a package name
lein fruit new-java hello-world info.oakleaf.hello_world

# Build an x86 version and run in a simulator
lein fruit doall
# ...which is the same thing as
lein fruit compile && lein fruit run
# Use the iPad simulator
lein fruit doall -ios-sim-family ipad

# Build an ARM version and run on a device
lein fruit release
# ..which is the same thing as
lein fruit compile && lein fruit ipa
# Show RoboVM flags (all flags are passed to it)
lein fruit help
```

## Licensing

All files that originate from this project are dedicated to the public domain. I would love pull requests, and will assume that they are also dedicated to the public domain.
